if you're in need of diesel diesel
hybrid or electric ground power arrow
specialties is your answer for any ramp
or hanger requirement arrow specialties
jet go precision hybrid DC ground power
units are the 21st century answer to
your DC aircraft power needs all models
of jet Co GPUs are tough and powerful
ramport horses however jet go hybrid
GPUs have been specifically designed to
meet the increasing demand for a greener
ground power unit available in either
compact or heavy-duty airline grade
trailers jet Coe GPUs feature fuel
sipping industrial grade Kubota engines
that burn 50 percent less fuel than
their larger counterparts yet provide
more than sufficient average to run
avionics and conditioned air systems on
the ground and jet code GPUs produced
peak starting amperage that can
guarantee a cold start on any 28 volt
engine jet COEs compact size lightweight
and quiet performance are all the result
of design work focused on using only top
quality weather resistant components
the result is a unit that is smaller
lighter and able to be either code
across the airport or pushed into
position by hand this eliminates
operator strain while protecting the
aircraft from damage that can occur
while maneuvering big box units all jet
co controls and monitoring systems are
automated and easy to operate
eliminating the potential for operator
error and back-to-back aircraft starts
are possible as the hybrid starting
batteries are automatically and quickly
replenished
you can count on arrow specialties a
name synonymous with quality and
performance for over 25 years to keep
your jet go GPU up and running
proudly built in the USA jet Coe units
are backed by strong warranties 24 hour
online parts support and technicians
that are focused on unit performance so
you're guaranteed your jet co-investment
will be a smart one because with jet Co
you simply pay less to buy it burn less
fuel to run it and spend less on
maintenance when compared to larger
machines so be more green and save more
green with a jet Coe hybrid GPU jet co
the most reliable most efficient and
most cost-effective answer to your DC
power needs with both AC and DC
solid-state technology Unitron
electrically powered GPUs offer a zero
emission alternative that will power any
aircraft based on 50 years of design and
manufacturing experience Unitron GPUs
feature advanced aircraft protection
technology providing the most accurate
voltage monitoring available with
control panels available in both analog
and digital formats Unitron GPUs meet a
wide array of certifications from
military spec to European conformity and
Unitron GPUs are the lightest and most
powerful GPUs on the market today backed
by a 3-year warranty so you'll never be
left powerless aero specialties TLD
diesel units have been proven as a world
leader providing ground power to
Airlines and commercial users around the
globe all TLD units are extremely robust
with hot dipped galvanized chassis z'
for rust and corrosion resistance these
units are built to last in any
environment
featuring highly insulated sound
isolating cabinets TLD units have a
lower noise profile than competing units
and TLD is advanced coming tier and
emission compliant engines exceed all
current emission standards allowing for
lowest operating costs in the industry
and with the best warranty of any
competitive unit at 30 months with
global technical and on-site warranty
support TL DS power and reliability
can't be outdone whether you're
operating a king air or an a380 we have
a TLD unit to meet your power needs